1. An abstract class is a class that can only be extended not initiated. The concept of OOP is realized by abstract class and interface.

2.Constructor, static, abstract, protected, public, private. 
No. An abstract class can still have what a normal Java class has.

3.Methods are by default public and variables are public static final.
Because an interface cannot be initiated.

4.No. Yes
class Multi extends ParentClass implements InterfaceA, InterfaceB {

}

5.Yes and Yes.
interface A extends B, C {

}

6.(1) Abstract class is designed for shared behaviors/fields across all subclasses.
Interface is used when a set of behaviors that all subclasses must support. (Do not care about implementation)

(2) Abstract class does not support multiple inheritance while interface does.

(3) Abstract class can have constructor while interface cannot. Abstract class's member variables can be what a normal Java class has while interface's are public static final.

7.Multiple inheritance of classes can cause diamond problems. While in interfaces this can be resolved by coding.

8.Aggregation is Has-a relationship. Owner obj does not have the entire lifecycle of the owned obj. For example a person obj has a contry variable which is a reference. The country obj still exists even after person obj's lifecycle.

Composition is Part-of relationship. The lifetime of the owned obj depends on the lifetime of the owner obj. For example a car obj has engine, wheels variables. Those variables cannot exist alone and is not shared. When lifecycle of car obj is terminatred the engine and wheels are ended as well.

9. Composition is better for extensibility, maintaninability and decouple. Inheritances would make the system go deeper and deeper through extends.

10.(1) Only one instance can be initiated.
(2) Provide public global access.
(3) Controlled creation.

Java programming provides lazy load since inner cflass is not loaded until it is referenced. Because class loading and initalization are thread-safe in Java so getInstance() would only create one Singleton instance. And the Singleton instance is final thus immutable.
