1. What is the difference between JDK, JRE, and JVM
Q: JDK stands for Java Dev Kit, it is the largest pack for developing, compiling, and running Java apps.
JRE stands for Java Runtime Env, it provides the necessary environment and libraries for Java apps.
JVM stands for Java Virtual Machine, it compiles Java code and support the Java apps running on different devices.

2. What are the main differences between primitive types and reference types? 
Q: Primitive types store the actual value, reference types store the memory address.

3. Is Java pass-by-value or pass-by-reference? Explain.
Q: Java is pass-by-value. Whenever programmer pass argus to a method, the object's value will be modified if the args got changed in the method.

4. Why are Strings immutable in Java? 
Q: In short, for better security and thread-safety.

5. What is the String Constant Pool and how does it work? 
Q: When init a String, Java auto puts the String on the String Constant Pool. For the duplicated(same) String, Java points the variable to the same String on the String Constant Pool.
By this way, it fasters the string comparison, and reduces unnecessary memory usage.

6. What is the purpose of the final keyword in Java? 
Q: It prevents modification, overwrite, and extend.

7. What does the static keyword mean for variables or methods?
Q: Static variable will be shared by all instances of the class. Static methods can be called without creating an instance.

8. What is a static block and when does it run? 
Q: When the class is first loaded to the memory, a static block will be run. It runs exactly once.

9. Can a static method access non-static variables? Why or why not?
Q: No. Static method will be called by the class but non-static var will be called by the instance. They don't share the memory.
It is designed to be this way for object data safety.

10. Describe the JVM loading order: static block, static variables, and constructor. 
Q: JVM loads class into memory -> initialize static var -> run static blocks -> run constructor.

11. What is the difference between a static variable and a constant defined as public static final? 
Q: 
public static int a = 1; // var "a" can be modified.
public static final a = 1; // var "a" cannot be modified.

12. Explain why immutable objects (like String) are thread-safe by design. Provide an example scenario. 
Q: immutable obj cannot be changed after it is created. In multi-threaded program, it has high risk to over syncronize the data to the main thread.
For example, we create a URI by using String, if any of the threads want to change the URI, the new URI will not be equal to the original URI so that we can have safty verification on this URI.

13. What problem does making a class final solve in terms of immutability and inheritance security?
Q: If a class is final, the extended class cannot override the methods.